README.md, before:

# transaction-mappr

This is a [simple app](https://stark-shelf-3141.herokuapp.com/) with a clean interface for looking at correlations in a sample data set. The sample data set contains users, locations of users at certain times (like check-ins), and transactions.

The main parts of the interface include a slider bar for changing the date, options for filtering different types of transactions, and a list of transactions (if there are any on a given day) next to a Google Maps visualization.

The user is the common thread between transactions and locations, so I made all AJAX calls to one of two controllers in the User controller, which functions as an API.

Any time a type of transaction is selected ("earning", "charge", or "both"), get requests are made to `/results`. The controller API expects a params object to be sent in the format of this example: `{date: "2015-1-23", mode: "earning"}`. The controller renders a JSON response in the format `{transactions: {}, locations: {}}`, where each value is object mapping names of users to an array of their transactions/locations on the specified date. To keep these JSON objects lighter, the objects only include users who have transactions and/or locations on the given date.

The only other route is '/all', which returns a JSON response with the same format, but includes all records.

Most of the logic is located in app/assets/javascripts/maps.js. It contains a myApp variable with a number of controllers as properties. Many of the controllers are IIFE's to keep certain variables and functions private. For example, the AjaxCtrl has 6 main functions, but only one returned accessible function, AjaxCtrl.request().

Below the myApp object is a section for initial configurations on document ready. This initializes the map, makes a reference to it accessible via myApp, and binds all relevant events.

The User controller is designed similarly, with few public methods and a number of modular private helper methods.

Interactive features include the slider bar for changing date, the filters in the nav bar, and the map markers.

Commit message:

Update README with changes including information regarding the updated structure of returned JSON objects, and new features like having mouseover events on transaction items trigger corresponding markers to bounce for better visualization and increased ability to see trends; Also add notifications if no location or transaction data is available for a given date or user

README.md, after:

# transaction-mappr

This is a [simple app](https://stark-shelf-3141.herokuapp.com/) with a clean interface for looking at correlations in a sample data set. The sample data set contains users, locations of users at certain times (like check-ins), and transactions.

The main parts of the interface include a slider bar for changing the date, options for filtering different types of transactions, and a list of transactions (if there are any on a given day) next to a Google Maps visualization. Mousing over the list of transactions cause corresponding map markers to bounce (sharing the same user id) or else displays a notification if no locations are available for that user on the selected date.

The user is the common thread between transactions and locations, so I made all AJAX calls to one of two controllers in the User controller, which functions as an API.

Any time a type of transaction is selected ("earning", "charge", or "both"), get requests are made to `/results`. The controller API expects a params object to be sent in the format of this example: `{date: "2015-1-23", mode: "earning"}`. The controller renders a JSON response in the format `{transactions: {}, locations: {}}`, where each value is object mapping [user.id, user.name] sets to arrays of their transactions/locations on the specified date. To keep these JSON objects lighter, the objects only include users who have transactions and/or locations on the given date.

The only other route is `/all`, which returns a JSON response with the same format, but includes all records.

Most of the logic is located in app/assets/javascripts/maps.js. It contains a myApp variable with a number of controllers as properties. Many of the controllers are IIFE's to keep certain variables and functions private. For example, the AjaxCtrl has 6 main functions, but only one returned accessible function, AjaxCtrl.request().

Below the myApp object is a section for initial configurations on document ready. This initializes the map, makes a reference to it accessible via myApp, and binds all relevant events.

The User controller is designed similarly, with few public methods and a number of modular private helper methods.

Interactive features include the slider bar for changing date, the filters in the nav bar, and the map markers.
